[Docs] Add development process guides (#190)
TheFoundryVisionmongers/OpenAssetIO: contributing/COMMITS.md

 - The documentation been updated accordingly to cover your changes.
 - There is no dead, commented out or placeholder code.
 - There are no stale comments from the previous implementation.
 - There are no stray changes that should be in another commit.
 - There are no inadvertent white space or other changes to unrelated
   areas of the files.

If you want to take the opportunity to clean up minor cosmetic issues
(such as spelling/white space/etc.) as part of your work, this is fine,
just do them in their own commit. This makes it clear what is an
intended change vs an accidental one.

## Commit Messages

Commit messages are a vital part of code archaeology, they serve as a
TL;DR and to record rationale for a change. Think of them as
light-weight decision records.

We use the [50/72](https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html)
format for Commit messages. This aims to make them readable in the
widest variety of scenarios. In addition, we have a few other
conventions.

Titles should be no more than 50 characters, and written in the
imperative tense. If applicable, the component being changed should be

> used to prefix the message (lowercase):

Reviewer: [fix] "lowercase" required for component prefixes, but examples below are not lowercase.
```suggestion
used to prefix the message:
```

[API] Add `/stores` endpoint and handlers
[API] Add `/stores` domain logic
[API] Add `/stores` in mem repo
[API] Add `/stores` sqlite repo
[CLI] Connect store app service to API
```

> NOTE: If you do choose to use this approach, it is important to ensure
> the full test suite passes at each final merge commit (post-squash)
> after re-ordering.

#### Making titles easier to read during review

It's ok within a Pull Request to use other titles for squash commits to
make keeping track of development easier. As long as it is still clear
to the reviewer which commits will be squashed, and which are intended
to be merged as-is. Use the `squash` prefix without the `!` to make it
clear these need to be manually managed.

The following example shows a situation where due to the number of
changes required, the `--autosquash` format was avoided to make it
easier to understand:

```
[API] Add `/replica` endpoint to swagger spec
squash [API] Add tests for `/replica` endpoint
squash [API] Add endpoint and handlers
squash [API] Refactor replica repository interface
squash [API] Add domain logic
squash [API] Update in-mem repository implementation
squash [API] Add sqlite repository support
```

> ### Larger projects

Reviewer: [consider] Perhaps worth a comment on feature branches as a way to group multiple smaller PRs that individually leave the codebase in an undesirable (but still technically functional, based on the above description) state.

Author: Added https://github.com/TheFoundryVisionmongers/OpenAssetIO/issues/197 to add this soon.

On some occasions, such as for much larger pieces of work, we may adopt
one or more techniques to make the integration of complex work into
`main` more manageable.

Most strategies are a trade-off. Whichever approach is taken, the
proposed work process should be agreed by the team before work starts.
This ensures that system boundaries remain intact whilst work is under
way, and the division of work and general approach makes sense.

#### Merging inside-out

The inside-out approach can allow more frequent integration of work,

> where feature toggles are not available, or add unnecessary complexity.

Reviewer: [consider]
```suggestion
where feature toggles are either not available or add unnecessary complexity.
```

Rather than starting by merging end-to-end tests that require the entire
system to function - forcing the entirety of the work to be in that one

> Merge Request - we break it down into discreet pieces of work, that

Reviewer: [fix]
```suggestion
Pull Request - we break it down into discreet pieces of work, that
```

leave public boundaries intact at each stage.

End-to-end tests and other outer-layer acceptance tests can still be
written ahead of time, they are just kept in a separate development

> branch until, they are ready to be integrated.

Reviewer: [fix]
```suggestion
branch until they are ready to be integrated.
```

> This might mean that a specific Pull Request is only covered by other
> kinds of tests, but this is OK if it has been properly coordinated.

Reviewer: [consider]  If I interpreted this right:
```suggestion
This might mean that a specific Pull Request in isolation is missing
end-to-end tests, but this is OK if it has been properly coordinated.
```
